RHIDP-2249: Sizing for RHDH (#221)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: installation/ref-rhdh-sizing.adoc

[id='ref-rhdh-sizing_{context}']
= {product} sizing

> Scalability of {product} requires significant resource allocation. The following table list the sizing specifications for running {product}, including both the {product-short} application and {product-short} database components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scalability of {product} requires significant resource allocation. The following table lists the sizing requirements for running {product}, including both the {product-short} application and {product-short} database components.
```

Author: Done
